# based on hybrid
# best viewed on shaded or black terminal


background           = white   black
current_time         = magenta default
directory            = red     default
disabled             = black   default
empty_mixer_bar      = green   default
empty_time_bar       = green   default
enabled              = yellow  default
entry_title          = red     default
entry                = yellow  default
error                = red     default
file                 = green   default
filled_mixer_bar     = black   green
filled_time_bar      = black   green
frame                = blue    default
info                 = cyan    default
legend               = magenta default
marked_file          = green   default bold
marked_info          = green   default bold
marked_selected_file = cyan    default bold
marked_selected_info = green   default bold
message              = yellow  default
playlist             = blue    default
plist_time           = magenta default
selected_directory   = blue    default
selected_file        = cyan    default
selected_info        = blue    default bold
selected_playlist    = magenta default
sound_parameters     = cyan    default
state                = magenta default
status               = magenta default
time_left            = cyan    default
time_total_frames    = magenta default
title                = green   default
total_time           = cyan    default
window_title         = green   default
