# Yellow/Red theme - mostly Yellow. By Stefan Wimmer

background           = red     default
current_time         = yellow  default
directory            = yellow  default
disabled             = red     default dim
empty_mixer_bar      = black   red
empty_time_bar       = yellow  default
enabled              = yellow  default bold
entry_title          = yellow  default
entry                = yellow  default
error                = cyan    default
file                 = yellow  default
filled_mixer_bar     = black   yellow
filled_time_bar      = default yellow
frame                = red     default
info                 = yellow  default
legend               = yellow  default
marked_file          = red     default
marked_info          = yellow  default bold,reverse
marked_selected_file = red     yellow
marked_selected_info = red     default bold
message              = yellow  default
playlist             = yellow  default
plist_time           = yellow  default
selected_directory   = red     default
selected_file        = black   yellow
selected_info        = yellow  default bold
selected_playlist    = yellow  default
sound_parameters     = yellow  default
state                = yellow  default
status               = yellow  default
time_left            = yellow  default
time_total_frames    = yellow  default
title                = yellow  default
total_time           = yellow  default
window_title         = red     default
