# paper_white theme for MOC by orveldv (version 2)
# 06/May/2007

background           = white   white   normal
current_time         = white   white   bold
directory            = white   white   bold
disabled             = cyan    white   normal
empty_mixer_bar      = black   white   bold
empty_time_bar       = white   white   normal
enabled              = blue    white   bold
entry                = black   white   normal
entry_title          = black   cyan    normal
error                = red     white   normal
file                 = white   white   bold
filled_mixer_bar     = cyan    default bold
filled_time_bar      = white   default bold
frame                = black   white   normal
info                 = cyan    white   bold
legend               = white   white   bold
marked_file          = blue    white   normal
marked_info          = green   black   bold
marked_selected_file = cyan    black   bold
marked_selected_info = green   black   bold
message              = magenta white   normal
playlist             = cyan    white   bold
plist_time           = white   cyan    bold
selected_directory   = white   black   bold
selected_file        = white   black   bold
selected_info        = blue    black   bold
selected_playlist    = white   black   bold
sound_parameters     = black   white   normal
state                = red     white   blink
status               = white   cyan    bold
time_left            = cyan    white   bold
time_total_frames    = black   white   normal
title                = blue    white   normal
total_time           = black   white   bold
window_title         = black   white   normal
