# Variant Red Theme by centralkidede

background           = default default normal
current_time         = black   white   bold
directory            = white   default bold
disabled             = black   default bold
empty_mixer_bar      = default red     dim
empty_time_bar       = white   default normal
enabled              = white   default bold
entry_title          = black   red     normal
entry                = white   red     normal
error                = red     default bold
file                 = white   default normal
filled_mixer_bar     = red     default normal
filled_time_bar      = black   red     normal
frame                = white   default normal
info                 = red     default bold
legend               = black   white   normal
marked_file          = red     default bold
marked_info          = red     default bold
marked_selected_file = white   red     bold
marked_selected_info = white   red     bold
message              = red     default bold
playlist             = white   default bold
plist_time           = default default bold
selected_directory   = white   red     bold
selected_file        = white   red     normal
selected_info        = red     default bold
selected_playlist    = white   red     bold
sound_parameters     = black   white   bold
state                = black   white   bold
status               = black   default normal
time_left            = black   white   bold
time_total_frames    = black   white   normal
title                = black   white   bold
total_time           = black   white   bold
window_title         = white   default normal
